"x"
"Myanmar: Further information on: fear of torture / legal concern: 156 detainees released, at least 35 detained 
 Myanmar: Further information on: fear of torture / legal concern: 156 detainees released, at least 35 detained | Amnesty International 
 New arrests: U Khin Maung Thaung, a Mandalay Division NLD leader, U Kyi Aung, engineer from Sagaing town, U Tin Maung Aye, merchant from Mandalay, U Kyaw Htway, engineer and teacher, U Kyaw Thaung, NLD division leader from Sagaing, U Pwar, engineer from Mandalay, U Aung Kyi, engineer from Mandalay, Maung San Hlaing, also known as Tin Hlaing and Eva: As the crackdown against political opposition in Myanmar continues, AI has learned of the arrests of eight more people, apparently for their peaceful opposition activities. The organization fears for their safety in detention as ill-treatment is commonplace in Myanmar. The first four detainees mentioned above were taken to a court hearing on 5 June but they have not yet been charged. Their dates of arrest and places of detention are unknown. According to unofficial sources, they were arrested for possessing a critique of the National Covention by the Burma Lawyers' Council, which is an expatriate opposition group. 
 New arrests: U Khin Maung Thaung, a Mandalay Division NLD leader, U Kyi Aung, engineer from Sagaing town, U Tin Maung Aye, merchant from Mandalay, U Kyaw Htway, engineer and teacher, U Kyaw Thaung, NLD division leader from Sagaing, U Pwar, engineer from Mandalay, U Aung Kyi, engineer from Mandalay, Maung San Hlaing, also known as Tin Hlaing and Eva: As the crackdown against political opposition in Myanmar continues, AI has learned of the arrests of eight more people, apparently for their peaceful opposition activities. The organization fears for their safety in detention as ill-treatment is commonplace in Myanmar. The first four detainees mentioned above were taken to a court hearing on 5 June but they have not yet been charged. Their dates of arrest and places of detention are unknown. According to unofficial sources, they were arrested for possessing a critique of the National Covention by the Burma Lawyers' Council, which is an expatriate opposition group."
