"x"
"Syria: Further information on prisoner of conscience Unfair Trial/ Ill-Health New concern: Ill-treatment 
 Syria: Further information on  prisoner of conscience Unfair Trial/ Ill-Health New concern: Ill-treatment | Amnesty International 
 Amnesty International is concerned for the health of prisoner of conscience ?Aref Dalilah. He is in urgent need of appropriate medication and specialist medical care, as he was returned to prison from hospital before receiving either. All the following detainees Riad Seif (m), Parliamentarian, 54, Hassan Sa'dun (m), Retired teacher, ?Aref Dalilah (m), Economist, in his early 60s, Walid al-Bunni (m), Physician, 38, Kamal al-Labwani (m), Physician, 44, Habib Saleh (m), Businessperson, 52, Habib ?Isa (m), Lawyer, 55 and Fawaz Tello (m), Engineer with the exception of Parliamentarian Riad Seif , aged 54 are being tried before the Supreme State Security Court (SSSC). One of the men has allegedly been ill-treated in prison. Amnesty International considers their trials to be grossly unfair and calls for their immediate release as prisoners of conscience. 
 Amnesty International is concerned for the health of  prisoner of conscience ‘Aref Dalilah. He is in urgent     need of appropriate medication and specialist medical     care, as he was returned to prison from hospital before   receiving either.  All the following detainees Riad Seif  (m), Parliamentarian, 54,  Hassan Sa'dun (m), Retired     teacher,  ‘Aref Dalilah (m), Economist, in his early 60s,  Walid al-Bunni (m), Physician, 38,  Kamal al-Labwani     (m), Physician, 44,  Habib Saleh (m), Businessperson, 52, Habib ‘Isa (m), Lawyer, 55 and Fawaz Tello (m), Engineer  with the exception of  Parliamentarian Riad Seif , aged   54 are being tried before the Supreme State Security      Court (SSSC). One of the men has allegedly been           ill-treated in  prison. Amnesty International considers   their trials to   be grossly unfair and calls for their   immediate release as prisoners of conscience."
