"x"
"Tunisia: Further information on fear of torture / ill-treatment / fear of further possible arrests and new concern: prisoners of conscience 
 Tunisia: Further information on fear of torture / ill-treatment / fear of further possible arrests and new concern: prisoners of conscience | Amnesty International 
 Qais Ouislati, Noureddine Benticha, Ali Jallouli, Lotfi Hammami, Taha Sassi, Sabri Ben Belgacem, Jalal Bouraqui, Jalloul Ouislati, Chedli Hammami and new names: Rachid Trabelsi, Bourhan Gasmi, Miled Belanes, Haikal Mannai, Ridha Oiuslati and Habib Harzi: Other arrests have occured in connection with the February student strikes. AI considers them to be prisoners of conscience. Qais Ouislati, Noureddine Benticha, Ali Jallouli, Lotfi Hammami, Taha Sassi, Jalal Bouraoui, Chedli Hammami, Haikal Mannai, Ridha Ouislati and Habib Harzi have been brought before the examining magistrate and charged. They have been transferred to the 9 Avril Prison in Tunis.The majority had reportedly been ill-treated during the period of their secret detention. Those who remain in secret detention are expected to be brought before the examining magistrate in the coming days.Sabri ben Belgacem, Nejoua Rezgui and the mother of a three- month-old baby, arrested on 3 March, were released. 
 Qais Ouislati, Noureddine Benticha, Ali Jallouli, Lotfi Hammami, Taha Sassi, Sabri Ben Belgacem, Jalal Bouraqui, Jalloul Ouislati, Chedli Hammami and new names: Rachid Trabelsi, Bourhan Gasmi, Miled Belanes, Haikal Mannai, Ridha Oiuslati and Habib Harzi: Other arrests have occured in connection with the February student strikes. AI considers them to be prisoners of conscience. Qais Ouislati, Noureddine Benticha, Ali Jallouli, Lotfi Hammami, Taha Sassi, Jalal Bouraoui, Chedli Hammami, Haikal Mannai, Ridha Ouislati and Habib Harzi have been brought before the examining magistrate and charged. They have been transferred to the 9 Avril Prison in Tunis.The majority had reportedly been ill-treated during the period of their secret detention. Those who remain in secret detention are expected to be brought before the examining magistrate in the coming days.Sabri ben Belgacem, Nejoua Rezgui and the mother of a three- month-old baby, arrested on 3 March, were released.

 

"
