"x"
"Sierra Leone: Further information on torture or ill-treatment / probable prisoners of conscience 
 Sierra Leone: Further information on torture or ill-treatment / probable prisoners of conscience | Amnesty International 
 Brima S. Massaquoi, chaiman of Kenema town council; Brima Kpaka, businessman; Swaray Kokowa, retired local government officer; Dr Momoh, medical doctor; Dr Stevens, medical doctor; a man known as ""Potor Potor"" and new names: Matthew Lebbie, Patrick J. Kanneh, Andrew Quee, John Swaray, Samuel Sam, Paramount Chief Moinama Karmor, Francis Musa and new names: Chief Saffa Mambu, Sheku Kallon, Lansana Bangura, Prince Kamara, Pastor Sesay,Momoh Sallu, Paramount Chief Momoh Tarawalie and Amara Banakoh: The body of B.S. Massaquoi and 35 others were found in a mass grave near Kenema, Eastern Province, on 23 March 1998.  They had been deliberately and arbitrarily killed by members of the armed opposition Revolutionary United Front (RUF).Also reported to be among those killed were Chief Saffa Mambu, Sheku Kallon, Lansana Bangura, Prince Kamara, Pastor Sesay, Momoh Sallu, Paramount Chief Momoh Tarawalie and Amara Banakoh.  The identity of the others is not known and may include some of the above-named. 
 Brima S. Massaquoi, chaiman of Kenema town council; Brima Kpaka, businessman; Swaray Kokowa, retired local government officer; Dr Momoh, medical doctor; Dr Stevens, medical doctor; a man known as ""Potor Potor"" and new names: Matthew Lebbie, Patrick J. Kanneh, Andrew Quee, John Swaray, Samuel Sam, Paramount Chief Moinama Karmor, Francis Musa and new names: Chief Saffa Mambu, Sheku Kallon, Lansana Bangura, Prince Kamara, Pastor Sesay,Momoh Sallu, Paramount Chief Momoh Tarawalie and Amara Banakoh: The body of B.S. Massaquoi and 35 others were found in a mass grave near Kenema, Eastern Province, on 23 March 1998.  They had been deliberately and arbitrarily killed by members of the armed opposition Revolutionary United Front (RUF).Also reported to be among those killed were Chief Saffa Mambu, Sheku Kallon, Lansana Bangura, Prince Kamara, Pastor Sesay, Momoh Sallu, Paramount Chief Momoh Tarawalie and Amara Banakoh.  The identity of the others is not known and may include some of the above-named.

"
