"x"
"Democratic Republic of Congo: Further information on torture / medical concern / fear of torture / prisoners of conscience 
 Democratic Republic of Congo: Further information on torture / medical concern / fear of torture / prisoners of conscience | Amnesty International 
 Zahidi Arthur Ngoma, Ingele Ifoto, Justin Kapempe, Jean Marie Lukudji, Mossi Mwassi (corrected spelling) and new name: Emmanuel Cole: Zahidi Arthur Ngoma, Ingele Ifoto, Justin Kapempe, Jean Marie Lukudji and Mossi Mwassi are still in detention. The first four men have been charged with endangering state security and with founding an illlegal political party, the Forces of the Future. Mossi Mwassi has stopped his hunger-strike and has been charged with endangering state security, forgery and trading of favours. AI believes that these charges are fabricated and that he is detained because of his work as a journalist. The five men are detained in the Centre penitentiaire et de reeducation de Kinshasa. Emmanuel Cole, a Liberian citizen, was arrested on 27 December 1997 because he was apparently accused of being in contact with Mossi Mwassi. He was held at the National Security Council until 16 January 1998 when he was released. He was tortured during his detention. On 19 January 1997, he was interrogated at the National Security Council and his papers were seized. 
 Zahidi Arthur Ngoma, Ingele Ifoto, Justin Kapempe, Jean Marie Lukudji, Mossi Mwassi (corrected spelling) and new name: Emmanuel Cole: Zahidi Arthur Ngoma, Ingele Ifoto, Justin Kapempe, Jean Marie Lukudji and Mossi Mwassi are still in detention. The first four men have been charged with endangering state security and with founding an illlegal political party, the Forces of the Future. Mossi Mwassi has stopped his hunger-strike and has been charged with endangering state security, forgery and trading of favours. AI believes that these charges are fabricated and that he is detained because of his work as a journalist. The five men are detained in the Centre penitentiaire et de reeducation de Kinshasa. Emmanuel Cole, a Liberian citizen, was arrested on 27 December 1997 because he was apparently accused of being in contact with Mossi Mwassi. He was held at the National Security Council until 16 January 1998 when he was released. He was tortured during his detention. On 19 January 1997, he was interrogated at the National Security Council and his papers were seized."
