"x"
"Democratic Republic of Congo: Detention / fear for safety 
 Democratic Republic of Congo: Detention / fear for safety | Amnesty International 
 D?sir? Rugemaninzi, chief of Kabare; Espoir Ruhigita Bulangalire, university lecturer; Masu Ga Rugamika, university rector; Augustin Babunga, university lecturer; Engineer Mushegera, employee of GTZ; and Cubaka, former manager of Riviera hotel: The above-named individuals and other prominent people were arrested between 27 and 29 january 1998 in Bukavu after a meeting with President Kabila where they expressed their concern about human rights violations in the context of operations against government opponents. D?sir? Rugemaninzi, Engineer Mushegera and Cubaka are being held at the National Intelligence Agency (ANR), security service in Bukavu. Espoir Ruhigita Bulangalire, Masu Ga Rugamika and Augustin Babunga were transfered to Kinshasa. The authorities have not revealed their whereabouts although they are thought to be held by thee ANR. Pierre Ndatabaye and Kamola Muderhwa are reported to have been released in unclear circumstances a few days after their arrest. AI is concerned that the detainees may be subjected to torture. 
 Désiré Rugemaninzi, chief of Kabare; Espoir Ruhigita Bulangalire, university lecturer; Masu Ga Rugamika, university rector; Augustin Babunga, university lecturer; Engineer Mushegera, employee of GTZ; and Cubaka, former manager of Riviera hotel: The above-named individuals and other prominent people were arrested between 27 and 29 january 1998 in Bukavu after a meeting with President Kabila where they expressed their concern about human rights violations in the context of operations against government opponents. Désiré Rugemaninzi, Engineer Mushegera and Cubaka are being held at the National Intelligence Agency (ANR), security service in Bukavu. Espoir Ruhigita Bulangalire, Masu Ga Rugamika and Augustin Babunga were transfered to Kinshasa. The authorities have not revealed their whereabouts although they are thought to be held by thee ANR. Pierre Ndatabaye and Kamola Muderhwa are reported to have been released in unclear circumstances a few days after their arrest. AI is concerned that the detainees may be subjected to torture."
