"x"
"Cameroon: Torture and ill-treatment / possible prisoners of conscience 
 Cameroon: Torture and ill-treatment / possible prisoners of conscience | Amnesty International 
 Reports of torture amid large-scale arrests, including: George Yimbu, official of the Social Democratic Front, Mr Njakoy, a member of the Human Rights Defence Group, Sama Richard Ndifang, businessman and member of the Human Rights Defence Group: Large-scale arrests have been reported in the English-speaking North-West and South-West Provinces, following a series of attacks by armed groups. Many of the detainees are reported to have been tortured and ill-treated are being held incommunicado without charge in harsh conditions. Members and supporters of opposition political parties, in particular the SDF, have been targeted for arrest, apparently without evidence of their involvement in any criminal activity. Two members of the Human Rights Defence Group were also arrested. Mr Njakoy was reportedly badly beaten and Sam Richard Ndifang is reported to have had his right foot cut off while in the custody of the gendarmerie. 
 Reports of torture amid large-scale arrests, including: George Yimbu, official of the Social Democratic Front, Mr Njakoy, a member of the Human Rights Defence Group, Sama Richard Ndifang, businessman and member of the Human Rights Defence Group: Large-scale arrests have been reported in the English-speaking North-West and South-West Provinces, following a series of attacks by armed groups. Many of the detainees are reported to have been tortured and ill-treated are being held incommunicado without charge in harsh conditions. Members and supporters of opposition political parties, in particular the SDF, have been targeted for arrest, apparently without evidence of their involvement in any criminal activity. Two members of the Human Rights Defence Group were also arrested. Mr Njakoy was reportedly badly beaten and Sam Richard Ndifang is reported to have had his right foot cut off while in the custody of the gendarmerie."
