"x"
"Colombia: Further information on fear for safety / possible extrajudicial executions / ""disappearance"": Civilian population of southwest Uraba region, department of Antioquia 
 Colombia: Further information on fear for safety / possible extrajudicial executions / ""disappearance"": Civilian population of southwest Uraba region, department of Antioquia | Amnesty International 
 New names: Diofanor Sanchez Celada, killed; Luis Hernando David Higuita, Elkin Emilio Tuberquia Sepulveda; Ramon Jimenez, killed; Francisco Tabarquino, killed; Samuel Correa, ""disappeared""; Euclides Cuesta, killed; Eligio Gonzalez, ""disappeared"": There have been further reports of killings and ""disappearances"" of civilians by paramilitary forces operating together with the security forces. On 14 May three youths were attacked by a paramilitary group. Diofanor Sanchez Celada was immediately shot, the other two, Luis Hernando David Higuita and Elkin Emilio Tuberquia Sepulveda were beaten and threatened. On 15 May Ramon Jimenez was detained by military and paramilitaries; his body was found on 21 May showing signs of torture. On 17 May Francisco Tabarquino was forced off a public transport vehicle at a paramilitary check point. His bullet-ridden body was found a few hours later. On 22 May a group of 100 paramilitaries entered the village of Vigia del Fuerte and threatened 20 people and abducted several more. The same day they reportedly killed Euclides Cuesta in the village of Tadia. 
 New names: Diofanor Sanchez Celada, killed; Luis Hernando David Higuita, Elkin Emilio Tuberquia Sepulveda; Ramon Jimenez, killed; Francisco Tabarquino, killed; Samuel Correa, ""disappeared""; Euclides Cuesta, killed; Eligio Gonzalez, ""disappeared"": There have been further reports of killings and ""disappearances"" of civilians by paramilitary forces operating together with the security forces. On 14 May three youths were attacked by a paramilitary group. Diofanor Sanchez Celada was immediately shot, the other two, Luis Hernando David Higuita and Elkin Emilio Tuberquia Sepulveda were beaten and threatened. On 15 May Ramon Jimenez was detained by military and paramilitaries; his body was found on 21 May showing signs of torture. On 17 May Francisco Tabarquino was forced off a public transport vehicle at a paramilitary check point. His bullet-ridden body was found a few hours later. On 22 May a group of 100 paramilitaries entered the village of Vigia del Fuerte and threatened 20 people and abducted several more. The same day they reportedly killed Euclides Cuesta in the village of Tadia."
