"x"
"Mexico: Further information on fear for safety / fear of torture / ""disappearance"" 
 Mexico: Further information on fear for safety / fear of torture / ""disappearance"" | Amnesty International 
 Detained: Abundio Casarrubias Hernandez, Wences Acevedo Garcia, Pascual Rodriguez Maria, Catarino Bardomiano (new name); ""reappeared"": Martin Barrientos Cortes (18); at risk of detention: Alejandro Atempa Caltenco, Luciano Jimon Castro, Wences Casarrubias Xinol, Manuel Xinol Jimenez, Martina Reyes Antonio (f), Juvencio Almazan Vazquez, Fidel Garcia Ramirez, Silverio Garcia, Raymundo Bardomiano (new name): Four members of the legal opposition party, the Partido de la Revolucion Democratica (PRD), are still detained. Martin Barrientos Cortes is reported to have been released on 9 June 1997. On his release, he confirmed that the had been held incommunicado by members of the Mexican army, and he showed visible signs of having been tortured. Reports also indicate that two sons of Leonardo Bardomiano Morales, recently released, are at risk, one having been detained, the other being sought. There remains grave concern for the safety of all members of the PRD in the state of Guerrero. 
 Detained: Abundio Casarrubias Hernandez, Wences Acevedo Garcia, Pascual Rodriguez Maria, Catarino Bardomiano (new name); ""reappeared"": Martin Barrientos Cortes (18); at risk of detention: Alejandro Atempa Caltenco, Luciano Jimon Castro, Wences Casarrubias Xinol, Manuel Xinol Jimenez, Martina Reyes Antonio (f), Juvencio Almazan Vazquez, Fidel Garcia Ramirez, Silverio Garcia, Raymundo Bardomiano (new name): Four members of the legal opposition party, the Partido de la Revolucion Democratica (PRD), are still detained. Martin Barrientos Cortes is reported to have been released on 9 June 1997. On his release, he confirmed that the had been held incommunicado by members of the Mexican army, and he showed visible signs of having been tortured. Reports also indicate that two sons of Leonardo Bardomiano Morales, recently released, are at risk, one having been detained, the other being sought. There remains grave concern for the safety of all members of the PRD in the state of Guerrero."
