"x"
"Albania: Further information on fear of ill-treatment / prisoners of conscience / fear of extrajudicial execution 
 Albania: Further information on fear of ill-treatment / prisoners of conscience / fear of extrajudicial execution | Amnesty International 
 Alfred Peza, journalist for Koha Jone, Shpetim Nazarko, owner of independent newspaper Dita Informacion; Zamir Dule, journalist for Koha Jone (released), Anesti Nikolla, driver (released): There is grave concern at further reports of the arrest and ill-treatment of journalists, and fears that with the declaration of a state of emergency on 2 March and the introduction of press censorship, the persecution of the domestic media may worsen. On the night of 2-3 March the offices of the main opposition paper, Koha Jone, were set on fire, allegedly by state security police. On 3 March Zamir Dule and his driver were reportedly beaten and briefly abducted by armed men. Alfred Peza, another Koha Jone journalist was reportedly stopped in the town of Fier on 3 or 4 March and ordered to go into the police station. His present circumstances are unknown. On the night of 4 March the home of Shpetim Nazarko, was attacked by a number of armed men. 
 Alfred Peza, journalist for Koha Jone, Shpetim Nazarko, owner of independent newspaper Dita Informacion; Zamir Dule, journalist for Koha Jone (released), Anesti Nikolla, driver (released): There is grave concern at further reports of the arrest and ill-treatment of journalists, and fears that with the declaration of a state of emergency on 2 March and the introduction of press censorship, the persecution of the domestic media may worsen. On the night of 2-3 March the offices of the main opposition paper, Koha Jone, were set on fire, allegedly by state security police. On 3 March Zamir Dule and his driver were reportedly beaten and briefly abducted by armed men. Alfred Peza, another Koha Jone journalist was reportedly stopped in the town of Fier on 3 or 4 March and ordered to go into the police station. His present circumstances are unknown. On the night of 4 March the home of Shpetim Nazarko, was attacked by a number of armed men."
