"x"
"Morocco: Further information on prisoners of conscience / health concern / ill-treatment 
 Morocco: Further information on prisoners of conscience / health concern / ill-treatment | Amnesty International 
 Mostafa Fajli, Ahmed el-Amali, Bennacer Limori, Mohamed Errahdaoui, Mahjoub el-Manouari, Boushmain Abdelhafid, Mohamed Jabrani, Ahmed Oubanmoussa, Hamid Khili, Mohamed Benayad, Fouad Bekkane, Kacem el-Ghazi, Abdelkarim Larko, Oubiz Taibi, Aziz Bahjaoui, Abdelkrim Dardar, Mostafa Mezdi, Mohamed Kadouri and more than 100 others: The eighteen people named above ended their hunger-strike on 14 June. They were tried and sentenced to two months' imprisonment and a fine on 9 June on charges of inciting voters to abstain from voting. Six people, Bouchra Laski, Brahim Znider, Ali Amar, Abderrahmane Belgada, ainous Yahia and Omar Baz, who were arrested in Rabat on 7 June, were released on bail on 13 June. There remains concern at allegations that Brahim Znider was ill-treated in police custody. Amnesty International is continuing to call for the release of those detained for having called for the boycott without having used or advocated violence. 
 Mostafa Fajli, Ahmed el-Amali, Bennacer Limori, Mohamed Errahdaoui, Mahjoub el-Manouari, Boushmain Abdelhafid, Mohamed Jabrani, Ahmed Oubanmoussa, Hamid Khili, Mohamed Benayad, Fouad Bekkane, Kacem el-Ghazi, Abdelkarim Larko, Oubiz Taibi, Aziz Bahjaoui, Abdelkrim Dardar, Mostafa Mezdi, Mohamed Kadouri and more than 100 others: The eighteen people named above ended their hunger-strike on 14 June. They were tried and sentenced to two months' imprisonment and a fine on 9 June on charges of inciting voters to abstain from voting. Six people, Bouchra Laski, Brahim Znider, Ali Amar, Abderrahmane Belgada, ainous Yahia and Omar Baz, who were arrested in Rabat on 7 June, were released on bail on 13 June. There remains concern at allegations that Brahim Znider was ill-treated in police custody. Amnesty International is continuing to call for the release of those detained for having called for the boycott without having used or advocated violence."
