"x"
"Colombia: Further information on fear for safety / possible extrajudicial executions / ""disappearance"": Civilian population of southwest Uraba region, department of Antioquia 
 Colombia: Further information on fear for safety / possible extrajudicial executions / ""disappearance"": Civilian population of southwest Uraba region, department of Antioquia | Amnesty International 
 Ovidio Torres, preacher (""disappeared""); and new names: Miguel Ramirez Giraldo, Gilberto Ramirez Giraldo, Jairo Graciano, Jose Antonio Graciano, Miguel (family name unknown) - killed; Jorge Domico; Albeiro Usma (injured): There have been further reports of killings and attempted killings of civilians by paramilitaries operating in collusion with the security forces in April 1997. On 10 April a paramilitary group abducted, tortured and killed Gilberto and Miguel Ramirez Girado in the village of Altas Arenas. On 13 April two men, Jose Antonio Graciano and Jairo Graciano, displaced from Las Nieves, San Jose de Apartado, were abducted and murdered. On 21 April paramilitaries detained two youths, Albeiro Usma and another known only as Miguel in the municipality of La Union. Miguel was killed with machete blows, while Albeiro Usma managed to escape after being wounded. The same day, Jorge Domico, leader of the Patado indigenous reserve in La Playa, was detained by paramilitaries, but was released when members of the indigenous community went en masse to the checkpoint where he was being held. 
 Ovidio Torres, preacher (""disappeared""); and new names: Miguel Ramirez Giraldo, Gilberto Ramirez Giraldo, Jairo Graciano, Jose Antonio Graciano, Miguel (family name unknown) - killed; Jorge Domico; Albeiro Usma (injured): There have been further reports of killings and attempted killings of civilians by paramilitaries operating in collusion with the security forces in April 1997. On 10 April a paramilitary group abducted, tortured and killed Gilberto and Miguel Ramirez Girado in the village of Altas Arenas. On 13 April two men, Jose Antonio Graciano and Jairo Graciano, displaced from Las Nieves, San Jose de Apartado, were abducted and murdered. On 21 April paramilitaries detained two youths, Albeiro Usma and another known only as Miguel in the municipality of La Union. Miguel was killed with machete blows, while Albeiro Usma managed to escape after being wounded. The same day, Jorge Domico, leader of the Patado indigenous reserve in La Playa, was detained by paramilitaries, but was released when members of the indigenous community went en masse to the checkpoint where he was being held."
