"x"
"Colombia: Fear for safety 
 Colombia: Fear for safety | Amnesty International 
 Neftali Vanegas Perea, president of CENCOOSER, Central Services Cooperative; workers on the Santa Clara Poultry Farm; killed: Julio Hernando Enriquez: On 24 May 1997 Neftali Vanegas is reported to have narrowly survived an attempt on his life when he was confronted by two unidentified gunmen in the La Rotina district of Ocana, department of Norte de Santander; they reportedly questioned him about the Santa Clara Poultry Farm, an associate member of CENCOOSER. On 5 April 1997 the farm's legal representative, Julio Hernando Enriquez, was reportedly killed by members of a paramilitary group. Another person working on the poultry farm, whose name is not known, was reportedly killed several days later. A family which then took on the management of the farm were forced to flee as a result of paramilitary death threats. On 26 May a paramilitary group was reported to have positioned itself on land belonging to the Santa Clara Poultry Farm. There is serious concern for Neftali Vanegas' safety. 
 Neftali Vanegas Perea, president of CENCOOSER, Central Services Cooperative; workers on the Santa Clara Poultry Farm; killed: Julio Hernando Enriquez: On 24 May 1997 Neftali Vanegas is reported to have narrowly survived an attempt on his life when he was confronted by two unidentified gunmen in the La Rotina district of Ocana, department of Norte de Santander; they reportedly questioned him about the Santa Clara Poultry Farm, an associate member of CENCOOSER. On 5 April 1997 the farm's legal representative, Julio Hernando Enriquez, was reportedly killed by members of a paramilitary group. Another person working on the poultry farm, whose name is not known, was reportedly killed several days later. A family which then took on the management of the farm were forced to flee as a result of paramilitary death threats. On 26 May a paramilitary group was reported to have positioned itself on land belonging to the Santa Clara Poultry Farm. There is serious concern for Neftali Vanegas' safety."
