"x"
"Colombia: Further information on ""disappearances"" / fear for safety / extrajudicial executions 
 Colombia: Further information on ""disappearances"" / fear for safety / extrajudicial executions | Amnesty International 
 Eligio Gonzalez Blandon (note full name); and new names: Samuel Rengifo Mosquera; Francisco Romana, teacher; Wilmer Mena Mena: Paramilitary groups are continuing to commit human rights violations with impunity against the civilian population in the south-west of the department of Antioquia and the Atrato Medio area of Choco department. Samuel Rengifo Mosquera was reportedly abducted in Vigia del Fuerte on 22 May 1997; he is believed to be dead. The same day Francisco Romana was reportedly abducted in the neighbouring community of Murri del Loma by members of the Autodefensas Campesinas de Uraba y Cordoba (ACCU) paramilitary group. On 7 June Wilmer Mena Mena was reportedly abducted by paramilitaries in Napipi, department of Choco. Amnesty International has also learned that Eligio Gonzalez Blandon was abducted on 24 May in La Boba, municipality of Bojaya, department of Choco, and not in Vigia del Fuerte, as previously reported. 
 Eligio Gonzalez Blandon (note full name); and new names: Samuel Rengifo Mosquera; Francisco Romana, teacher; Wilmer Mena Mena: Paramilitary groups are continuing to commit human rights violations with impunity against the civilian population in the south-west of the department of Antioquia and the Atrato Medio area of Choco department. Samuel Rengifo Mosquera was reportedly abducted in Vigia del Fuerte on 22 May 1997; he is believed to be dead. The same day Francisco Romana was reportedly abducted in the neighbouring community of Murri del Loma by members of the Autodefensas Campesinas de Uraba y Cordoba (ACCU) paramilitary group. On 7 June Wilmer Mena Mena was reportedly abducted by paramilitaries in Napipi, department of Choco. Amnesty International has also learned that Eligio Gonzalez Blandon was abducted on 24 May in La Boba, municipality of Bojaya, department of Choco, and not in Vigia del Fuerte, as previously reported."
