"x"
"Cuba: Further information on legal concern / ill-treatment and new concerns: harassment / prisoner of conscience / possible POC 
 Cuba: Further information on legal concern / ill-treatment and new concerns: harassment / prisoner of conscience / possible POC | Amnesty International 
 Nestor Rodriguez Lobaina, President of Jovenes por la Democracia, Radames Garcia de la Vega, Vice-president of Jovenes por la Democracia; and new names: Ramon Rodriguez, Rafael Fonseca Ochoa: There is renewed concern at reports that Nestor Rodriguez Lobaina was rearrested on 8 April 1997 and sentenced two days later to 18 months' imprisonment on charges of ""resisting authority"" and ""disrespect"" by the Municipal Tribunal in Baracoa, Guantanamo province. He is again considered to be a prisoner of conscience. Radames Garcia de la Vega was detained on 30 April 1997 in the City of Palma Soriano and was released on bail on 7 May, after being charged with ""disrespect"". If brought to trial and convicted he again would be considered a prisoner of conscience. There is further concern at reports that relatives and other members of Young People for Democracy have been subject to reprisals. 
 Nestor Rodriguez Lobaina, President of Jovenes por la Democracia, Radames Garcia de la Vega, Vice-president of Jovenes por la Democracia; and new names: Ramon Rodriguez, Rafael Fonseca Ochoa: There is renewed concern at reports that Nestor Rodriguez Lobaina was rearrested on 8 April 1997 and sentenced two days later to 18 months' imprisonment on charges of ""resisting authority"" and ""disrespect"" by the Municipal Tribunal in Baracoa, Guantanamo province. He is again considered to be a prisoner of conscience. Radames Garcia de la Vega was detained on 30 April 1997 in the City of Palma Soriano and was released on bail on 7 May, after being charged with ""disrespect"". If brought to trial and convicted he again would be considered a prisoner of conscience. There is further concern at reports that relatives and other members of Young People for Democracy have been subject to reprisals."
