"x"
"Gambia: Further information on incommunicado detention/fear of torture or ill-treatment 
 Gambia: Further information on incommunicado detention/fear of torture or ill-treatment | Amnesty International 
 New names Lamin Fatty (m), reporter with The Independent; Kemo Balajo (m), former senior officer of the National Intelligence Agency and one other in addition to Major Sang Pierre Mendy (m); Captain Muhammed Jah (m); Captain Bunja Darboe (m); Lt Wassa Camara (m); Alpha Bah (m), sergeant-major; Mamadou Cadi Cham (m), former minister - released; Ramzia Diab (f), former MP of the ruling APRC party - released; Musa Saydikhan (m), Chief Editor of The Independent - released; Madi Caesar (m), Independent administrator - released; Raif Diab (m), businessperson, aged around 70 - released; Mariam Denton (f), lawyer; Sheriff Mustapha Dibba (m), Speaker of the House - released; Abdoulaye Kanaji Jawla (m), MP for the ruling APRC party - released; Ngorr Secka (m), acting Deputy Director General of the NIA; Pa Njie Guirigara (m), businessman - released; Abdoulie Kujabi (m), former National Intelligence Agency Director; At least 8 others. Nine of those detained in connection with the alleged coup attempt of 21 March are now known to have been released without charge. Some of them had been tortured or ill-treated. At least 20 are now in custody. They are held incommunicado and without charge, and are at serious risk of torture. 
 New names Lamin Fatty (m), reporter with The Independent; Kemo Balajo (m), former senior officer of the National    Intelligence Agency and one other in addition to Major    Sang Pierre Mendy (m); Captain Muhammed Jah (m); Captain  Bunja Darboe (m); Lt Wassa Camara (m); Alpha Bah (m),     sergeant-major; Mamadou Cadi Cham (m), former minister -  released; Ramzia Diab (f), former MP of the ruling APRC   party - released; Musa Saydikhan (m), Chief Editor of The Independent - released; Madi Caesar (m), Independent      administrator - released; Raif Diab (m), businessperson,  aged around 70 - released; Mariam Denton (f), lawyer;     Sheriff Mustapha Dibba (m), Speaker of the House -        released; Abdoulaye Kanaji Jawla (m), MP for the ruling   APRC party - released; Ngorr Secka (m), acting Deputy     Director General of the NIA; Pa Njie Guirigara (m),       businessman - released; Abdoulie Kujabi (m), former       National Intelligence Agency Director; At least 8 others.  Nine of those detained in connection with the alleged    coup attempt of 21 March are now known to have been       released without charge. Some of them had been tortured   or ill-treated. At least 20 are now in custody. They are  held incommunicado and without charge, and are at serious risk of torture.                                          "
